---
author: Luis Rodriguez
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=922
categories:
  - Side Projects

---
#WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!
  
#IF YOU PERFORM THESE COMMANDS ON YOUR T-MOBILE AC-1900 ROUTER, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK!
  
#THERE&#8217;S A GOOD CHANCE YOU WON&#8217;T BE ABLE TO GO BACK TO THE ORIGINAL T-MOBILE FIRMWARE AFTER PERFORMING THESE COMMANDS
  
#IF YOU MESS SOMETHING UP AND BRICK THE ROUTER, THEN THAT IS ON YOU!!!

#Before you begin, make sure you installed CFE 1.0.2.0 AiMesh. Follow the instructions provided by Bay Tech Area Pros in the link above.
  
#Backup your mdt5 partition
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# cat /dev/mtd5 > /jffs/mtd5_backup.bin

#Use WinSCP in Windows to copy the mtd5_backup.bin off the router to a safe place.

#View the mounted file systems. One of them should be TMO for T-Mobile.
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# df -h

#Remove the TMO mdt5 partition
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# mkdir /tmp/asus_jffs
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# mount -t jffs2 /dev/mtdblock5 /tmp/asus_jffs
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# rm -rf /tmp/asus_jffs/*
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# sync && umount /tmp/asus_jffs
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# rm -rf /jffs/.sys/RT-AC68U
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# nvram unset fw_check && nvram commit && reboot

#Write all FFs to the mdt5 (in case that didn&#8217;t happen when you removed the TMO partition in the previous steps)
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# ln -s /sbin/rc mtd-erase
  
admin@RT-AC68U:/tmp/home/root# ./mtd-erase -d asus

#Now you can flash firmware version 3.0.0.4.384.20648
  
#To be on the safe side, download the firmware from the Asus site, disconnect the router from the internet, and then perform the upgrade
  
#If you are paranoid, you can SSH to the router after you finish the upgrade and re-flash CFE 1.0.2.0 AiMesh